Fix shape inference for Loop (#198)
Quantco/spox: CHANGELOG.rst

0.14.0 (unreleased)
-------------------

> **Bug fix**
> 
> - Apply custom shape inference logic in :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v19.loop` and :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v21.loop`.
> 
> **Other changes**
> 
> - Propagated values may now be garbage collected if their associated `Var` object goes out of scope. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bug fix**

- Adds missing shape inference logic for :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v19.loop` and :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v21.loop`.

**Other changes**

- Propagated values may now be garbage collected if their associated `Var` object goes out of scope. 
- :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v17.loop`, :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v19.loop` and :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v21.loop` will only infer shapes for loop carried dependencies if their shapes are unchanged across iterations.
```

0.14.0 (unreleased)
-------------------

**Bug fix**

- Adds missing shape inference logic for :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v19.loop` and :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v21.loop`.

**Other changes**

- Propagated values may now be garbage collected if their associated `Var` object goes out of scope. 
- :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v17.loop`, :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v19.loop` and :func:`spox.opsets.ai.v21.loop` will only infer shapes for loop carried dependencies if their shapes are unchanged across iterations.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
